docs/datasets.md, before:



### CycleGAN Datasets
Download the CycleGAN datasets using the following script. Some of the datasets are collected by other researchers. Please cite their papers if you use the data.
```bash
bash ./datasets/download_cyclegan_dataset.sh dataset_name
```
- `facades`: 400 images from the [CMP Facades dataset](http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz/~tylecr1/facade). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/facades.tex)]
- `cityscapes`: 2975 images from the [Cityscapes training set](https://www.cityscapes-dataset.com). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/cityscapes.tex)]
- `maps`: 1096 training images scraped from Google Maps.
- `horse2zebra`: 939 horse images and 1177 zebra images downloaded from [ImageNet](http://www.image-net.org) using keywords `wild horse` and `zebra`
- `apple2orange`: 996 apple images and 1020 orange images downloaded from [ImageNet](http://www.image-net.org) using keywords `apple` and `navel orange`.
- `summer2winter_yosemite`: 1273 summer Yosemite images and 854 winter Yosemite images were downloaded using Flickr API. See more details in our paper.
- `monet2photo`, `vangogh2photo`, `ukiyoe2photo`, `cezanne2photo`: The art images were downloaded from [Wikiart](https://www.wikiart.org/). The real photos are downloaded from Flickr using the combination of the tags *landscape* and *landscapephotography*. The training set size of each class is Monet:1074, Cezanne:584, Van Gogh:401, Ukiyo-e:1433, Photographs:6853.
- `iphone2dslr_flower`: both classes of images were downlaoded from Flickr. The training set size of each class is iPhone:1813, DSLR:3316. See more details in our paper.

To train a model on your own datasets, you need to create a data folder with two subdirectories `trainA` and `trainB` that contain images from domain A and B. You can test your model on your training set by setting `--phase train` in `test.py`. You can also create subdirectories `testA` and `testB` if you have test data.

You should **not** expect our method to work on just any random combination of input and output datasets (e.g. `cats<->keyboards`). From our experiments, we find it works better if two datasets share similar visual content. For example, `landscape painting<->landscape photographs` works much better than `portrait painting <-> landscape photographs`. `zebras<->horses` achieves compelling results while `cats<->dogs` completely fails.

### pix2pix datasets
Download the pix2pix datasets using the following script. Some of the datasets are collected by other researchers. Please cite their papers if you use the data.
```bash
bash ./datasets/download_pix2pix_dataset.sh dataset_name
```
- `facades`: 400 images from [CMP Facades dataset](http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz/~tylecr1/facade). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/facades.tex)]
- `cityscapes`: 2975 images from the [Cityscapes training set](https://www.cityscapes-dataset.com). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/cityscapes.tex)]
- `maps`: 1096 training images scraped from Google Maps
- `edges2shoes`: 50k training images from [UT Zappos50K dataset](http://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/finegrained/utzap50k). Edges are computed by [HED](https://github.com/s9xie/hed) edge detector + post-processing. [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/shoes.tex)]
- `edges2handbags`: 137K Amazon Handbag images from [iGAN project](https://github.com/junyanz/iGAN). Edges are computed by [HED](https://github.com/s9xie/hed) edge detector + post-processing. [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/handbags.tex)]
- `night2day`: around 20K natural scene images from  [Transient Attributes dataset](http://transattr.cs.brown.edu/) [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/transattr.tex)]. To train a `day2night` pix2pix model, you need to add `--direction BtoA`.

We provide a python script to generate pix2pix training data in the form of pairs of images {A,B}, where A and B are two different depictions of the same underlying scene. For example, these might be pairs {label map, photo} or {bw image, color image}. Then we can learn to translate A to B or B to A:

Create folder `/path/to/data` with subfolders `A` and `B`. `A` and `B` should each have their own subfolders `train`, `val`, `test`, etc. In `/path/to/data/A/train`, put training images in style A. In `/path/to/data/B/train`, put the corresponding images in style B. Repeat same for other data splits (`val`, `test`, etc).

Corresponding images in a pair {A,B} must be the same size and have the same filename, e.g., `/path/to/data/A/train/1.jpg` is considered to correspond to `/path/to/data/B/train/1.jpg`.

Once the data is formatted this way, call:
```bash
python datasets/combine_A_and_B.py --fold_A /path/to/data/A --fold_B /path/to/data/B --fold_AB /path/to/data
```

This will combine each pair of images (A,B) into a single image file, ready for training.

Commit message:

Add instructions on training with your own images.
Just a little clarification on the process of training with your own dataset.

docs/datasets.md, after:



### CycleGAN Datasets
Download the CycleGAN datasets using the following script. Some of the datasets are collected by other researchers. Please cite their papers if you use the data.
```bash
bash ./datasets/download_cyclegan_dataset.sh dataset_name
```
- `facades`: 400 images from the [CMP Facades dataset](http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz/~tylecr1/facade). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/facades.tex)]
- `cityscapes`: 2975 images from the [Cityscapes training set](https://www.cityscapes-dataset.com). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/cityscapes.tex)]
- `maps`: 1096 training images scraped from Google Maps.
- `horse2zebra`: 939 horse images and 1177 zebra images downloaded from [ImageNet](http://www.image-net.org) using keywords `wild horse` and `zebra`
- `apple2orange`: 996 apple images and 1020 orange images downloaded from [ImageNet](http://www.image-net.org) using keywords `apple` and `navel orange`.
- `summer2winter_yosemite`: 1273 summer Yosemite images and 854 winter Yosemite images were downloaded using Flickr API. See more details in our paper.
- `monet2photo`, `vangogh2photo`, `ukiyoe2photo`, `cezanne2photo`: The art images were downloaded from [Wikiart](https://www.wikiart.org/). The real photos are downloaded from Flickr using the combination of the tags *landscape* and *landscapephotography*. The training set size of each class is Monet:1074, Cezanne:584, Van Gogh:401, Ukiyo-e:1433, Photographs:6853.
- `iphone2dslr_flower`: both classes of images were downlaoded from Flickr. The training set size of each class is iPhone:1813, DSLR:3316. See more details in our paper.

To train a model on your own datasets, you need to create a data folder with two subdirectories `trainA` and `trainB` that contain images from domain A and B. 

Then train your model using `python train.py --dataroot ./datasets/[your_dataset_directory] --name [your_dataset_name] --model cycle_gan` where `[your_dataset_directory]` is the location where you saved your `trainA` and `trainB` image folders.

You can test your model on your training set by setting `--phase train` in `test.py`. You can also create subdirectories `testA` and `testB` if you have test data.

You should **not** expect our method to work on just any random combination of input and output datasets (e.g. `cats<->keyboards`). From our experiments, we find it works better if two datasets share similar visual content. For example, `landscape painting<->landscape photographs` works much better than `portrait painting <-> landscape photographs`. `zebras<->horses` achieves compelling results while `cats<->dogs` completely fails.

### pix2pix datasets
Download the pix2pix datasets using the following script. Some of the datasets are collected by other researchers. Please cite their papers if you use the data.
```bash
bash ./datasets/download_pix2pix_dataset.sh dataset_name
```
- `facades`: 400 images from [CMP Facades dataset](http://cmp.felk.cvut.cz/~tylecr1/facade). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/facades.tex)]
- `cityscapes`: 2975 images from the [Cityscapes training set](https://www.cityscapes-dataset.com). [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/cityscapes.tex)]
- `maps`: 1096 training images scraped from Google Maps
- `edges2shoes`: 50k training images from [UT Zappos50K dataset](http://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/finegrained/utzap50k). Edges are computed by [HED](https://github.com/s9xie/hed) edge detector + post-processing. [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/shoes.tex)]
- `edges2handbags`: 137K Amazon Handbag images from [iGAN project](https://github.com/junyanz/iGAN). Edges are computed by [HED](https://github.com/s9xie/hed) edge detector + post-processing. [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/handbags.tex)]
- `night2day`: around 20K natural scene images from  [Transient Attributes dataset](http://transattr.cs.brown.edu/) [[Citation](datasets/bibtex/transattr.tex)]. To train a `day2night` pix2pix model, you need to add `--direction BtoA`.

We provide a python script to generate pix2pix training data in the form of pairs of images {A,B}, where A and B are two different depictions of the same underlying scene. For example, these might be pairs {label map, photo} or {bw image, color image}. Then we can learn to translate A to B or B to A:

Create folder `/path/to/data` with subfolders `A` and `B`. `A` and `B` should each have their own subfolders `train`, `val`, `test`, etc. In `/path/to/data/A/train`, put training images in style A. In `/path/to/data/B/train`, put the corresponding images in style B. Repeat same for other data splits (`val`, `test`, etc).

Corresponding images in a pair {A,B} must be the same size and have the same filename, e.g., `/path/to/data/A/train/1.jpg` is considered to correspond to `/path/to/data/B/train/1.jpg`.

Once the data is formatted this way, call:
```bash
python datasets/combine_A_and_B.py --fold_A /path/to/data/A --fold_B /path/to/data/B --fold_AB /path/to/data
```

This will combine each pair of images (A,B) into a single image file, ready for training.
